Updated Akamai Integration Docs (#437)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/akamai/manage-integrations.md

1. Click **Query Workers**.
1. Click **Generate EdgeWorker**.
1. In the pop-up, click **Manage Integration**.
1. Click **Delete metadata** to clear your Akamai account details.

## Akamai account details explanation

> These 4 parameters are credentials for Akamai API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These four parameters are credentials for the Akamai API:
```

- **Access Token**
- **Base URL**
- **Client Secret**
- **Client Token**

> In [Akamai documentation](https://techdocs.akamai.com/developer/docs/set-up-authentication-credentials) you will find out how to create credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [Akamai documentation](https://techdocs.akamai.com/developer/docs/set-up-authentication-credentials), you will find out how to create credentials.
```
